# Maze

This  app    was    built    using    Xcode    5.0.1,    and    the    program    is    needed    to    compile    and    run    the    code.    To    view    the    code,    the    user    can    either    look    separately    though    the    .h    and    .m    files,    or    open    up    Maze.xcodeproj    using    Xcode    to    see    all    of    the    documents    in    a    folder.    Xcode    already    takes    care    of    compiling    and    pointing    out    bugs    in    the    code,    so    all    of    the files  are    already    included    in    the    Maze.zip    folder.       
To  run    the    app    using    the    Xcode    simulator,    the    .xcodeproj    file    must    be    open.    Because    this    game    was    created    with    the    intention    of    using    it    on    iOS    7    iPhone,    it    will    not    be    able    to    run    on    previous    iOS    systems    or    any    other    Apple    devices,    unless    the    files    are    changed    to    specify    it.    However,    the    files    are    Xcode    3.2    compatible.       
Because  this    game    mainly    makes    use    of    the    accelerometer,    the    Xcode    simulator    is    of    no    use    for    actually    playing    it    because    the    simulator    does    not    have    a    built    in    accelerometer.    It    is    useful    when    viewing    how    the    pages    render    each    other.    In    order    to    play    the    game    using    an    iPhone,    the    user    must    have    an    Apple    ID    which    is    associated    with    a    Developers    plan    and    a    iOS    Certificate    and    Provisioning    Profiles    that    are    valid.    The    user    can    then    specify    the    Bundle    Identifier    to    match    that    of    the    Development    plan.    The   user    can    easily    connect    their    iPhone    to    their    Mac    and    run    Xcode    after    specifying    the    plugged    
in  device    as    the    target    for    running    the    simulation.    The    app    will    then    open    on    the    iPhone.       

